[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
Carson: TONIGHT, YOUR TOP
13 WILL BE REVEALED, LIVE!
SAY HELLO TO OUR COACHES,
AND THEY'RE LOOKING SHARP
TONIGHT.
KELLY CLARKSON
MR. JOHN LEGEND.
ARIANA GRANDE, LADIES AND
GENTLEMEN.
AND EVEN BLAKE SHELTON
HI, EVERYBODY.
I'M CARSON DALY.
IT IS GREAT TO HAVE YOU
WATCHING
YOUR RESULTS ARE IN.
WE'VE GOT A BIG NIGHT.
HERE'S HOW IT WORKS TONIGHT, THE
TOP TWO ARTISTS FROM EACH TEAM
WITH THE MOST VOTES WILL
AUTOMATICALLY ADVANCE.
THEN OUR COACHES WILL HAVE TOUGH
WORK TONIGHT
THEY'RE ONLY ABLE TO SAVE ONE OF
THEIR REMAINING ARTISTS.
THEN, WE WILL REVEAL ONE ARTIST
FROM EACH TEAM WHO WILL GET THE
CHANCE TO COMPETE FOR THE
WILDCARD SPOT.
AND JOINING THEM FOR THE FIRST
TIME EVER IN OUR INSTANT SAVE IS
THE ARTIST YOU PICKED AS YOUR
COMEBACK ARTIST, WHO'S GETTING
ONE MORE CHANCE TO POSSIBLY
REJOIN THE COMPETITION
WE'LL REVEAL WHO THAT IS IN JUST
A LITTLE BIT
MAKE SURE YOU DOWNLOAD "THE
VOICE" OFFICIAL APP NOW ON THE
APP STORE OR ON GOOGLE PLAY.
IF YOU HAVEN'T YET, YOU'RE GOING
TO NEED THAT FOR THE WILDCARD
INSTANT SAVE
LET'S GET RIGHT TO IT AND FIND
OUT SOME RESULTS FOR TEAM KELLY.
CENTER STAGE
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
Carson: THEY KICKED IT OFF
LAST NIGHT AS OUR TOP 20 ALL
PERFORMED.
TEAM KELLY WITH A GREAT OUTING
WELCOME BACK, GUYS
JUST A QUICK QUESTION HERE AT
THE TOP FOR KATIE.
KATIE, WHAT DO YOU HOPE AMERICA
SAW IN YOUR PERFORMANCE LAST
NIGHT?
I KNOW I SHOWED MY EMOTIONAL
SIDE
I HOPE AMERICA SAW A LITTLE MORE
OF MY SOULFUL SIDE
IF I'M ALLOWED TO MAKE IT PAST,
HOPEFULLY I SHOW A LITTLE MORE
EACH AND EVERY WEEK.
Carson: THANK YOU, KATIE.
GOOD LUCK TO YOU
GOOD LUCK TO EVERYBODY ON TEAM
KELLY.
HERE WE GO
GIRL NAMED TOM, GYMANI, HAILEY,
JEREMY OR KATIE, TWO OF YOU
RECEIVED THE MOST VOTES AND WERE
SAVED BY AMERICA
I'LL REVEAL THESE NAMES IN NO
PARTICULAR ORDER
LET'S GET TO IT.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
AMERICA SAVED --
GIRL NAMED TOM
CONGRATULATIONS.
YOU'RE MOVING ON TO THE TOP 13
Carson: THE TRIO ADVANCES
FIRST TONIGHT.
AMERICA ALSO SAVED -
JEREMY ROSADO.
YOU LOOK STUNNED
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
Carson: THAT LEAVES GYMANI,
HALEY.
KELLY, HERE COMES THE HARD PART.
YOU CAN ONLY PICK ONE OF THESE
REMAINING ARTISTS TO MOVE ON
KELLY, WHICH ONE OF THESE
ARTISTS ARE YOU GOING TO SAVE?
HERE'S THE THING, YOU'RE ALL
REALLY GIFTED.
ARIANA AND I WERE TALKING ABOUT
THIS
WE'VE GONE THROUGH EVERY
SCENARIO ABOUT WHAT WILL HAPPEN.
EVERY SCENARIO STINKS.
YOU'RE ALL GIFTED.
I HAVE SUCH A TALENTED GROUP
KATIE RAE, YOU SHOWED A
DIFFERENT SIDE OF YOURSELF
YOUR SOULFUL SOUND IS AMAZING.
YOUR RASP IS INCREDIBLE.
HALEY, YOU JUST TURNED 14.
YOU HONESTLY -- LIKE WHEN I
WATCHED IT LAST NIGHT, YOU HAD A
PITCH PERFECT FLAWLESS
PERFORMANCE.
IT WAS MY FAVORITE FROM YOU SO
FAR.
WELL DONE.
GYMANI, OH, MY GOSH, YOU'RE SO
AMAZING.
YOUR SOULFULNESS, YOUR RASP,
EVERYTHING ABOUT YOU
YOU DELIVERED THAT SONG SO
BEAUTIFULLY.
I KNOW I HAVE TO PICK.
I'M SO NERVOUS
OKAY
MAN, I'M GOING TO HAVE TO GO --
HERE'S THE THING I THINK ALL
THREE OF YOU ARE SO GIFTED
I HAVE TO GO WITH THE ONE THAT
PICKED ME FROM THE BEGINNING
GYMANI, YOU'RE MY GIRL.
Carson: GYMANI MOVES ON
CONGRATULATIONS.
WE'LL SEE YOU MONDAY
FOR THESE TWO, ONE OF THEM WILL
HAVE A CHANCE TO COMPETE FOR THE
WILDCARD SPOT.
WE'LL FIND OUT WHICH ONE HAD THE
MOST VOTES FROM LAST NIGHT
THEY'LL BE SINGING IN A BIT.
WHEN WE RETURN, MORE RESULTS
PLUS, WE'LL FIND OUT YOUR
COMEBACK ARTIST!
"THE VOICE" WILL BE BACK IN JUST
60 SECONDS
Carson: WELCOME BACK TO OUR
LIVE ELIMINATIONS.
BEFORE WE GET TO MORE RESULTS,
JOINING ME NOW IS OUR FRIEND,
PARIS HILTON
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
HANGING OUT AT "THE VOICE.
YOU HAVE BEEN EXTREMELY BUSY
LATELY WORKING WITH LAWMAKERS
AND APPEARING AT CONGRESS.
PLUS, YOU'RE AN ENTREPRENEUR AND
PLANNING A WEDDING WITH YOUR
FIANCE, CARTER
YOU'VE GOT A NEW SHOW THAT TAKES
US THROUGH EVERYTHING YOU'VE
BEEN UP TO
TELL US ABOUT IT
MY NEW SHOW IS CALLED "PARIS
IN LOVE.
IT'S ON PEACOCK.
WE HAVE BEEN FILMING EVERYTHING
ABOUT PLANNING THE WEDDING,
BEING A BRIDE.
I CAN'T WAIT FOR YOU TO WATCH
IT
Carson: CONGRATULATIONS ON
THE WEDDING.
"PARIS IN LOVE" STARTS STREAMING
THIS THURSDAY ON PEACOCK
SO GREAT TO SEE YOU.
CONGRATULATIONS ON THE WEDDING
PARIS, THANK YOU SO MUCH
ALL RIGHT.
WE HAVE TO GET TO MORE RESULTS
PLEASE WELCOME CENTER STAGE TEAM
JOHN LEGEND.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
YES, YES, YES
WHOO
Carson: TEAM LEGEND
WELCOME BACK
GREAT WORK LAST NIGHT ON THE
PERFORMANCE SHOW
IT IS TIME TO REVEAL WHICH TWO
ARTISTS MADE IT.
DAVID, JERSHIKA, JOSHUA, SAMUEL
OR SHADALE, LET'S SEE WHO
RECEIVED THE MOST VOTES.
HERE WE GO
AMERICA SAVED --
JERSHIKA, CONGRATULATIONS
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
YES, JERSHIKA.
Carson: THE POWERHOUSE FROM
TEXAS FIRST TO MOVE ON FOR TEAM
JOHN LEGEND.
AMERICA ALSO SAVED -
JOSHUA VACANTI, YOU'RE IN THE
TOP 13
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
CONGRATS TO JERSHIKA AND JOSHUA.
THAT LEAVES A DIFFICULT DECISION
FOR JOHN
YOU CAN ONLY PICK ONE OF THE
REMAINING ARTISTS TO ADVANCE
WHICH ARE YOU GOING TO SAVE?
EVERYONE COMPLAINS ABOUT HOW
DIFFICULT THIS IS, BUT IT IS
REALLY DIFFICULT
EVERYONE WHO MADE IT TO THE LIVE
ROUNDS IS PHENOMENAL
ALL THREE OF YOU ARE WONDERFUL
THOSE TWO FOLKS ARE AMAZING TOO.
I'M SO PROUD
DAVID, YOU'VE ONLY BEEN WITH ME
FOR A LITTLE WHILE
I ADMIRE THE MUSICIAN IN YOU
I LOVE YOUR VOICE.
I LOVE YOUR COMMITMENT TO EVERY
PERFORMANCE.
SAMUEL, I LOVE EVERY EMOTION YOU
POUR INTO EVERY SONG
SHADALE, YOU PUT YOUR HEART INTO
EVERYTHING
YOU ARE A GIFTED SINGER, BUT
ALSO GIFTED AT COMMUNICATING THE
STORY AND THE EMOTION OF THE
SONG
THIS IS DIFFICULT FOR ME
I'M GOING TO PICK SHADALE.
Carson: SHADALE HAS BEEN
SAVED BY HER COACH JOHN LEGEND
SHE CAN HARDLY BELIEVE IT
HERSELF.
SHE IS MOVING ON
WE'LL SEE HER NEXT MONDAY IN THE
TOP 13 SHOW.
FOR YOU TWO REMAINING, ONE OF
YOU WILL HAVE A CHANCE TO FILL
THAT WILDCARD SPOT
WE'LL SEE WHICH ONE OF YOU WILL
PERFORM TONIGHT IN JUST A BIT.
YOU CAN GO BACKSTAGE
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
MORE RESULTS RIGHT NOW
LET'S GET RIGHT TO IT.
PLEASE WELCOME TEAM ARIANA
GRANDE
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
TEAM ARI, EXCELLENT JOB LAST
NIGHT.
WELCOME BACK TO THE STAGE.
YOU GUYS WERE GREAT.
SOUNDED AMAZING.
IT'S TIME TO REVEAL WHICH TW
BELLA, HOLLY, JIM AND SASHA,
RAQUEL, OR RYLEIGH, RECEIVED THE
MOST VOTES AND WERE SAVED BY
AMERICA.
HERE WE GO
AMERICA SAVED --
JIM AND SASHA ALLEN ARE MOVING
ON
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
THE FATHER/SON DUO FROM
CONNECTICUT IN THE TOP 13.
EVERYBODY LOOKS STUNNED TONIGHT.
AMERICA ALSO SAVED -
HOLLY FORBES
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
THE PRIDE OF KENTUCKY WILL SING
IN THE LIVE SHOW NEXT MONDAY
NIGHT.
THAT LEAVES BELLA, RAQUEL AND
RYLEIGH.
ALSO LEAVES OUR BRAND NEW COACH
ARIANA GRANDE WHOSE FIRST LIVE
SHOW WAS LAST NIGHT, I KNOW HOW
TOUGH THIS IS FOR YOU.
WE CAN SEE THE EMOTION ON YOUR
FACE
I DON'T KNOW HOW THIS
POSSIBLY COULD HAVE HAPPENED
I JUST -- I MEAN, EVERYONE IS
EQUALLY -- I DON'T HAVE ANY IDEA
WHAT TO SAY.
YOU'RE ALL SO BRILLIANT.
INCREDIBLE VOCALISTS AND HUMAN
BEINGS
I WILL BE HERE AS A FRIEND AND
MENTOR FOR YOU
I'M A FACETIME AWAY.
I LOVE YOU ALL SO MUCH AND
RESPECT YOU FOREVER.
OH, MY GOD.
Carson: TAKE A BREATH.
I LOVE YOU SO, SO, SO, SO
MUCH
OH, MY GOSH.
THE PERSON I'M GOING TO TAKE
WITH ME IS RYLEIGH.
Carson: SHE SELECTED RYLEIGH
TO MOVE ON TO THE NEXT ROUND
CONGRATULATIONS.
RYLEIGH SAVED BY HER COACH
ARIANA
TWO REMAINS ARTISTS, IN JUST A
FEW MINUTES, WE'LL FIND OUT WHO
WILL HAVE A CHANCE TO FILL THE
WILDCARD SPOT IN THE TOP 13.
WHEN WE COME BACK, THE RESULTS
ARE IN FOR TEAM BLAKE.
PLUS, WE WILL REVEAL YOU
COMEBACK ARTIST.
THEN, GET READY TO VOTE FOR OUR
WILDCARD INSTANT SAVE!
AND DURING THIS COMMERCIAL
BREAK, CHECK OUT AN EXCLUSIVE
SNEAK PEEK OF PARIS HILTON'S NEW
SHOW, "PARIS IN LOVE."
THIS IS "THE VOICE."
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
Carson: WELCOME BACK.
WE'RE LIVE ON A CRAZY NIGHT ON
"THE VOICE."
IT'S RESULTS NIGHT
IN JUST A FEW MINUTES, WE WILL
REVEAL YOUR COMEBACK ARTIST WHO
WILL SING TONIGHT FOR THE
WILDCARD INSTANT SAVE.
BUT FIRST, LET'S FINISH UP YOUR
RESULTS FROM LAST NIGHT'S
INCREDIBLE PLAYOFF PERFORMANCES.
PLEASE GIVE A LITTLE WARM
WELCOME TO TEAM BLAKE,
EVERYBODY.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
EXCELLENT JOB, TEAM BLAKE, LAST
NIGHT.
IT'S TIME TO REVEAL WHICH TWO
ARTISTS LANA, LIBIANCA, PARIS,
PEEDY OR WENDY RECEIVED THE MOST
VOTES.
LET'S GET RIGHT TO IT.
AMERICA SAVED --
WENDY MOTEN, YOU'RE MOVING ON.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
AMERICA ALSO SAVED -
PARIS WINNINGHAM
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
WENDY AND PARIS MOVE ON FOR TEAM
BLAKE.
LEAVING LANA, LIBIANCA AND
PEEDY.
COACH HAS TO MAKE A TOUGH
DECISION
BLAKE, YOU CAN ONLY SAVE ONE
WHO ARE YOU GOING TO SAVE?
DO I HAVE A SECOND TO TALK?
Carson: YOU DO.
THIS SUCKS SO BAD BECAUSE ALL
THREE OF YOU DESERVE TO MOVE ON
AND ALL OF US, ALL FOUR OF US ON
THIS PANEL, THAT'S WHAT THIS
BUSINESS IS.
WE'VE ALL DEALT WITH THIS MOMENT
WHERE, YOU KNOW, THERE'S A NO
HERE AND THEN THERE'S A YES DOWN
THE ROAD SOMEWHERE
IT SUCKS
THE MUSIC INDUSTRY IS TOUGH.
ALL THREE OF YOU ARE SUPER
TALENTED
I WANT YOU TO KEEP THAT IN MIND.
MY DECISION FROM HERE IS
BASICALLY JUST BECAUSE THE LANE
IS WIDE OPEN
I'M GOING TO TAKE LANA
Carson: LANA HAS BEEN SAVED
BY HER COACH BLAKE SHELTON
CONGRATULATIONS, LANA, YOU'RE IN
THE TOP 13
FOR OUR TWO REMAINING ARTISTS ON
TEAM BLAKE, WE'LL SEE WHICH ONE
IS GOING TO PERFORM IN A BIT
YOU CAN GO BACKSTAGE
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
WE'RE ABOUT TO FIND OUT WHO WILL
SING TONIGHT
HERE'S HOW IT WORKS.
WE'LL FOCUS ON ONE TEAM AT A
TIME
OUT OF THE REMAINING ARTISTS,
THE ARTIST WITH THE MOST VOTES
FROM LAST NIGHT WILL SING FOR
THE WILDCARD INSTANT SAVE.
THE OTHER WILL UNFORTUNATELY
LEAVE US
HERE WE GO
LET'S START WITH TEAM KELLY.
HERE'S HAILEY AND KATIE.
THE ARTIST WITH THE MOST VOTES
FROM LAST NIGHT IS -
HAILEY MIA
YOU ARE SAVED TONIGHT
GO BACKSTAGE AND PREPARE FOR
YOUR PERFORMANCE
LET'S GIVE A BIG HAND FOR KATIE
RAE WHO IS LEAVING US TONIGHT.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
NEXT UP CENTER STAGE IS TEAM
LE
LEGEND
HERE COMES JOHN AND SAMUEL
THE ARTIST WITH THE MOST VOTES
FROM LAST NIGHT AND THEREFORE
PERFORMING IN TONIGHT'S WILDCARD
INSTANT SAVE IS --
SAMUEL HARNESS
YOU CAN GO BACKSTAGE AND PREPARE
FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE
HOW ABOUT A BIG HAND FOR DAVID
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
TWO DOWN
TWO TO GO.
PLEASE WELCOME TEAM ARIANA,
BELLA AND RAQUEL
LA
LADIES, GOOD LUCK TO YOU BOTH.
Carson:
THE ARTIST WITH THE MOST VOTES
FROM LAST NIGHT AND THEREFORE
PERFORMING IN TONIGHT'S WILDCARD
INSTANT SAVE IS --
BEL
BELLA, YOU CAN GO BACK AND
PREPARE FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE
NOW FINALLY TEAM BLAKE SHELTON
THE ARTIST WITH THE MOST VOTES
FROM LAST NIGHT AND THEREFORE
PERFORMING IN TONIGHT'S WILDCARD
INSTANT SAVE IS --
PEEDY, CONGRATULATIONS
YOU ARE SINGING TONIGHT, MY
FRIEND
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
PEEDY CAN HEAD BACKSTAGE
A BIG THANK YOU TO OUR DEPARTING
MEMBERS OF TEAM BLAKE TONIGHT.
WE JUST FOUND OUT THE FOUR WHO
WILL COMPETE FOR THE WILDCARD
INSTANT SAVE
WAIT, THERE'S MORE
ONE MORE SINGER WILL BE JOINING
THEM FOR THE CHANCE TO MOVE ON
NEXT WEEK -- YOUR COMEBACK
ARTIST
REMEMBER, EACH COACH NOMINATED
ONE ARTIST FROM THEIR TEAM
ELIMINATED IN THE BATTLES OR
KNOCKOUTS FOR THE CHANCE TO
REJOIN THE COMPETITION
NOW IT'S TIME TO FIND OUT YOUR
FAVORITE
YOUR COMEBACK ARTIST IS
VAUGHN MUGOL FROM TEAM ARIANA.
VAUGHAN, COME ON OUT
VAUGHAN THOUGHT HIS TIME ON "THE
VOICE" WAS DONE.
IT IS NOT THANKS TO YOU AND YOUR
COMEBACK ARTIST SELECTION.
YOU CAN RETURN BACKSTAGE AND
PREPARE.
ARIANA HAS AN EXTRA MEMBER
TONIGHT.
WHEN WE COME BACK, FIVE ARTISTS.
ONE WILDCARD SPOT LEFT IN THE
TOP 13
THE POWER IS IN YOUR HANDS
GET READY TO VOTE ON "THE VOICE"
OFFICIAL APP AND NBC.COM
WE ARE LIVE.
*
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
Carson: WELCOME BACK.
ONLY ONE WILDCARD SPOT REMAINS
IN THE TOP 13.
SAME JULY.
THEY'RE GOING TO PERFORM AND
THEN YOU'LL HAVE EXACTLY FIVE
MINUTES TO VOTE ON "THE VOICE"
OFFICIAL APP AND NBC.COM
LET'S GET TO IT.
SINGING "BEFORE YOU GO" PLEASE
WELCOME SAMUEL HARNESS
* I FEEL BY THE WAYSIDE LIKE
EVERYONE ELSE *
* EVERY MOMENT I STARTED TO
REPLACE BECAUSE NOW THAT YOU'RE
GONE HERE ARE THE WORDS I NEEDED
TO SAY *
* WHEN YOU HURT UNDER THE
SURFACE LIKE TROUBLED WATER
RUNNING COLD *
* SO BEFORE YOU GO WAS THERE
SOMETHING I COULD HAVE SAID TO
MAKE YOUR HEART BEAT BETTER *
* IF ONLY I WOULD HAVE KNOWN YO
HAD A STORM TO WEATHER *
* SO BEFORE YOU GO *
* WAS THERE SOMETHING I COULD
HAVE SAID TO MAKE YOUR HEART
BEAT BETTER *
* IF ONLY I KNEW YOU HAD A STOR
TO WEATHER *
* SO BEFORE YOU GO *
* WOULD IT BE BETTER OFF BY
NOW *
* IF I LET MY WALL COME DOWN *
* I GUESS WE'LL NEVER KNOW, YOU
KNOW, YOU KNOW *
* SO BEFORE YOU GO WAS THERE
SOMETHING I COULD HAVE SAID TO
MAKE IT ALL STOP HURTING *
* KILLS ME HOW YOUR MIND CAN
MAKE YOU FEEL SO WORTHLESS *
* SO BEFORE YOU GO *
Carson: THAT IS SAMUEL
HARNESS SINGING FOR A SHOT AT A
WILDCARD SPOT.
SAMUEL, GREAT WORK
SO
SOUNDED AMAZING.
JOHN, WE GET TO THIS PART WHERE
PEOPLE ARE SINGING TO STICK
AROUND THEY HIT ANOTHER GEAR
THAT WAS THE BEST I'VE HEARD
SAMUEL.
I AGREE
THIS MOMENT PUSHED YOU TO BE THE
BEST YOU'VE EVER BEEN ON THIS
SHOW
YOU WERE INCREDIBLE TONIGHT.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
THE POWER AND THE CLARITY OF
YOUR VOICE, THAT SENSE OF
URGENCY THAT YOU SANG WITH, YOU
WERE PITCH PERFECT
YOUR TONE WAS GORGEOUS AND 'MOST
EMOTIONAL AND POWERFUL
YOU TOOK THIS CHALLENGE AND SAID
I'M GOING TO GIVE EVERYTHING I
HAVE
I'LL GIVE MY BEST TONIGHT.
YOU DID IT, SAMUEL
VOTE FOR SAMUEL.
Carson: SAMUEL HARNESS,
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN
BEAUTIFUL
SO GOOD.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
Carson: FOUR MORE ARTISTS TO
GO
SINGING "AIN'T NO OTHER MAN"
PLEASE WELCOME BELLA DINAPOLI.
* I COULD SEE IT FROM THE
START *
* BEEN TELLING ME IT'S HARD *
* SOMETHING CAUGHT MY EYE *
* SOMETHING MOVED ME DEEP
INSIDE *
* DON'T YOU KNOW WHAT YOU DO *
* I'VE BEEN HOOKED EVER SINCE *
* TOLD MY MOTHER, MY BROTHER, M
SISTER AND MY FRIENDS *
* TOLD THE OTHERS, MY LOVERS
PAST AND PRESENT TENSE *
* WHEN I SEE YOU, EVERYTHING
MAKES SENSE *
* AIN'T NO OTHER MAN CAN STAND
UP NEXT TO YOU *
* AIN'T NO OTHER MAN ON THE
PLANET *
* YOU'RE THE KIND OF GUY A GIRL
FINDS *
* YOU GOT SOUL, YOU GOT CLASS *
* AIN'T NO OTHER MAN IT'S TRUE *
* AIN'T NO OTHER MAN BUT YOU *
* GIVE ME STRENGTH 'CAUSE YOU'R
THE BEST *
* YOU'RE THE ONLY ONE WHOEVER
PASSED EVERY TEST *
* OH, AIN'T NO OTHER MAN CAN
STAND UP NEXT TO YOU *
* AIN'T NO OTHER MAN CAN DO WHA
YOU DO *
* AIN'T NO OTHER *
* YOU GOT SOUL, YOU GOT CLASS,
YOU GOT STYLE *
* AIN'T NO OTHER MAN IT'S TRUE *
* AIN'T NO OTHER MAN BUT YOU *
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
Carson: THAT IS BELLA
DINAPOLI TEAM ARIANA HERE IN THE
WILDCARD
WHOO!
Carson: ARIANA?
BELLA, I LOVE YOU SO MUCH
THAT WAS PHENOMENAL.
IT WAS SO MUCH FUN
I'M OBSESSED WITH YOU.
AMERICA, WHIP OUT YOUR DEVICES
AND VOTE FOR BELLA
Carson: WHIP IT OUT, AMERICA.
WHIP IT OUT AND VOTE FOR
BELLA.
THAT WAS SPECTACULAR
WE'RE SO BLESSED TO KNOW YOU
SORRY.
YOU KNOW WHAT TO DO.
Carson: ANOTHER HAND FOR
BELLA DINAPOLI
THANK YOU, BELLA
ARIANA, OH MY GOODNESS
WE HAVE THREE MORE PERFORMANCES
TO GET TO.
THEY'RE GOING TO SING.
FIVE PEOPLE SINGING FOR ONE
*
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
Carson: WELCOME BACK.
ONE ARTIST FROM EACH TEAM, PLUS
YOUR COMEBACK ARTIST, ARE
FIGHTING FOR THE WILDCARD SPOT
THREE MORE PERFORMANCES TO GO.
LET'S GET RIGHT INTO IT.
SINGING "STRANGER IN MY HOUSE"
PRESENTING TEAM BLAKE PLEASE
WELCOME PEEDY CHAVIS
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
*
* EVERY TIME I'M SCARED AND I
CAN'T FIND THE LOVE IN HER EYES
ANYMORE *
* THERE'S SOME CHANGES GOING
ON *
* I'M BEGINNING TO UNDERSTAND *
* WHEN I'M HOLDING HER I SWEAR
FEEL THE PRESENCE OF ANOTHER
MAN *
* THERE'S A STRANGER IN MY
HOUSE *
* SOMEBODY HERE THAT I CAN'T
SEE *
* A STRANGER IN MY HOUSE *
* SOMEBODY HERE TRYING TO TAKE
HER AWAY FROM ME *
* IT JUST LEADS TO QUESTIONS *
* IS IT JUST MY IMAGINATION OR
HAS HER LOVE TURNED INTO LIKE *
* THERE'S A STRANGER IN MY
HOUSE *
* SOMEBODY HERE THAT I CAN'T
SEE *
* A STRANGER IN MY HOUSE *
* SOMEBODY HERE TRYING TO TAKE
HER AWAY *
* A STRANGER IN MY HOUSE *
* SOMEBODY HERE TRYING TO TAKE
HER AWAY FROM ME *
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
Carson: THAT IS PEEDY CHAVIS,
EVERYBODY.
BLAKE, GIVE US SOME THOUGHTS MAN
IN THIS WILDCARD SPOT.
PEEDY, I HAVE SO MUCH
CONFIDENCE IN YOU.
NONE OF US HAVE EVER SEEN
ANYTHING QUITE LIKE YOU AS A
PERFORMER -- WELL, ONE OTHER
TIME
YOU'RE SO GOOD
I NEVER HEARD YOU DO A COUNTRY
SONG LIKE THAT
IT'S INCREDIBLE.
YOU KEEP SHOWING OTHER LAYERS OF
WHAT YOU CAN DO.
COME ON, AMERICA
YOU HAVE GOT TO SEE WHAT PEEDY
IS GOING TO DO NEXT.
YOU KNOW YOU WANT TO SEE IT.
Carson: ANOTHER HAND FOR
PEEDY CHAVIS, EVERYBODY.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
ALL RIGHT.
WE'VE GOT TWO MORE PERFORMANCES
TO GO.
NOW SINGING "JAR OF HEARTS" FOR
HER CHANCE, FROM TEAM KELLY,
PLEASE WELCOME HAILEY MIA.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
* I DON'T KNOW WHY I CAN'T TAKE
ONE MORE STEP TOWARDS YOU *
* ALL THAT'S WAITING IS REGRET *
* DON'T YOU KNOW I'M NOT YOUR
GHOST ANYMORE *
* YOU LOST THE LOVE I LOVED THE
MOST *
* NOW YOU WANT ME ONE MORE
TIME *
* WHO DO YOU THINK YOU ARE,
RUNNING AROUND LEAVING SCARS *
* COLLECTING YOUR HEARTS,
TEARING LOVE APART *
* YOU'RE GONNA CATCH A COLD FRO
THE ICE INSIDE YOUR SOUL *
* DON'T COME BACK TO ME *
* DON'T COME BACK AT ALL *
* WHO DO YOU THINK YOU ARE,
RUNNING AROUND LEAVING SCARS *
* COLLECTING YOUR JAR OF HEARTS
AND TEARING LOVE APART *
* YOU'RE GONNA CATCH A COLD FRO
THE ICE INSIDE YOUR SOUL *
* DON'T COME BACK TO ME *
* DON'T COME BACK AT ALL *
* WHO DO YOU THINK YOU ARE *
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
Carson: THAT'S THE YOUNGEST
IN THE COMPETITION, HAILEY MIA
FROM TEAM KELLY.
SINGING TO TRY TO STICK AROUND
HAILEY, GREAT JOB.
KELLY, I KNOW YOU GOT A LOT TO
SAY.
I'M SO SAD.
I'M GOING TO TALK SO QUICKLY
AMERICA, THIS GIRL JUST TURNED
SHE JUST TURNED 14
YOU JUST SANG MORE ON KEY, MORE
PERFECT FOR A SHOW LIKE THIS
YOU ARE BUILT FOR A SHOW LIKE
THIS
YOUR VOICE IS SO MOVING.
IT'S STUNNING, THE FACT YOU HAVE
THAT MUCH SOUL TO YOU AND THAT
MUCH STORY TO -- THAT YOUNG.
IT'S INCREDIBLE.
I'M GOING TO BE REAL WITH YOU.
I'M COMPLETELY SHOCKED YOU'RE IN
THIS PLACE RIGHT NOW
I DIDN'T EXPECT IT
AMERICA, PLEASE VOTE HAILEY MIA.
I GOTTA SEE MORE FROM HAILEY
MIA.
PLEASE VOTE FOR HER.
Carson: HOW ABOUT ANOTHER
HAND FOR HAILEY MIA FROM TEAM
KELLY?
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
HAILEY, GOOD LUCK AND THANK YOU.
ONE MORE ARTIST TO GO AND THEN
IT'S GOING TO BE TIME TO
INSTANTLY SAVE SOMEBODY.
SINGS "LAY ME DOWN" PLEASE
WELCOME YOUR COMEBACK ARTIST
VAUGHN MUGOL
THAT ONE DAY I WILL BE *
* WHERE I WAS RIGHT THERE
RIGHT NEXT TO YOU *
* AND IT'S HARD THE DAYS JUST
SEEM SO DARK *
* THE MOON THE STAR
ARE NOTHING WITHOUT YOU *
* YOU TOLD ME NOT TO CR
WHEN YOU WERE GONE *
* BUT THE FEELING'S
OVERWHELMING *
* IT'S MUCH TOO STRONG *
* CAN I LAY BY YOUR SID
NEXT TO YOU TO YOU *
* AND MAKE SURE
YOU'RE ALL RIGHT *
* I'LL TAKE CARE OF YOU *
* I DON'T WANT TO BE HERE IF I
CAN'T BE WITH YOU TONIGHT *
* LAY ME BY YOUR SIDE *
* CAN I LAY BY YOUR SID
NEXT TO YOU TO YOU *
* AND MAKE SURE
YOU'RE ALL RIGHT *
* I'LL TAKE CARE OF YOU *
* I DON'T WANT TO BE HERE IF I
CAN'T BE WITH YOU TONIGHT *
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
Carson: THAT'S GOING TO DO IT
FOR OUR FIVE WILDCARD ARTISTS
TONIGHT.
THAT IS VAUGHAN, OUR COMEBACK
ARTIST
VAUGHAN, RIGHT HERE.
GREAT JOB.
WELCOME BACK TO THE SHOW
COACH, LET'S GET A FEW COMMENTS.
VAUGHAN, YOU NEVER SOUNDED
BETTER
FIRST OF ALL, HOLY MOLY.
THAT WAS SO BEAUTIFUL AND SO
STUNNING AND SO MOVING
I'M SO HAPPY TO SEE YOU.
THE BEAUTIFUL THING ABOUT THIS
SHOW OTHER THAN TO BE ABLE TO
SEE THE PHENOMENAL TALENT IS HOW
MANY TWISTS AND TURNS AND
SURPRISES THERE ARE.
SEEING YOU BACK IS A SPECTACULAR
GIFT
I'M SO HAPPY
THAT WAS BEAUTIFUL
WE ALL LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
Carson: HOW ABOUT ANOTHER
HAND FOR VAUGHAN MOGOL
LET'S BRING BACK SAMUEL, BELLA,
PEEDY AND HAILEY MIA
OUR WILDCARD ARTISTS ARE HERE.
PHILA
FIVE GREAT ARTISTS
ONLY ONE CAN MOVE ON
THIS IS IT, EVERYBODY.
THE POWER IS COMPLETELY IN YOUR
HANDS TO PICK ONE OF THESE
ARTISTS TO COMPLETE THE
TOP 13 AND FILL THE WILDCARD
SPOT
HERE WE GO
THE WILDCARD INSTANT SAVE ON
"THE VOICE" OFFICIAL APP AND
NBC.COM STARTS NOW
YOU HAVE THE NEXT FIVE MINUTES
TO GET YOUR VOTES IN
YOU CAN MAKE A DIFFERENCE RIGHT
NOW.
GET TO IT.
WHEN WE COME BACK, WE WILL
REVEAL THE WINNER.
*
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
Carson: WE ARE BACK
WHAT A NIGHT
SAMUEL, BELLA, PEEDY, HAILEY MIA
AND VAUGHAN JUST PERFORMED FOR
THE WILDCARD SPOT.
IF YOU'RE HOME, YOU STILL HAVE A
LITTLE TIME TO SAVE ONE OF THESE
ARTISTS.
BLAKE, WHAT WOULD YOU LIKE TO
SAY TO PEEDY RIGHT NOW
MAN, IF YOU WOULD HAVE TOLD
ME LAST NIGHT THIS WOULD BE THE
SITUATION, I WOULD HAVE SAID
YOU'RE A LIAR.
THIS IS CRAZY HOW IT WORKS OUT
SOMETIMES.
AT THE SAME TIME YOU GOT A TON
OF CONFIDENCE.
YOU'RE SO YOUNG.
IF THIS DOESN'T WORK OUT FOR
WHATEVER REASON, I GOT A FEW
MUSIC VENUES I WOULD BOOK YOU IN
TONIGHT.
LET'S GO, MAN.
WE GOT TO KEEP DOING THIS.
Carson: NOT A BAD OFFER
ARIANA, WHAT WOULD YOU LIKE TO
SAY TO BELLA
OH, MY, GOSH.
I JUST LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
GETTING TO KNOW YOU HAS BEEN AN
INCREDIBLE GIFT.
YOUR SENSE OF ARTISTRY IS SO
SHARP.
YOU KNOW SO CLEARLY WHO YOU ARE.
THAT'S SOMETHING YOU CAN'T
TEACH.
LABELS CAN'T DEVELOP THAT.
THAT HAS TO COME FROM THE PERSON
AND THE ARTIST
THAT IS JUST SOMETHING YOU HAVE
OTHER THAN HAVING A PHENOMENAL
GIFT OF A VOICE.
I CHERISH THESE MOMENTS
TOGETHER
I LOVE YOU
THIS HAS BEEN SUCH AN HONOR.
LIKE BLAKE SAID, LET'S SING
TOGETHER
I'LL PUT YOU IN A VENUE.
I DON'T KNOW WHICH ONE, BUT I'LL
FIND ONE.
Carson: I'M SURE YOU CAN.
JOHN, WHAT WOULD YOU LIKE TO SAY
TO SAMUEL?
SAMUEL, YOU'RE SUCH A GREAT
SINGER
WHAT I LOVE ABOUT YOU IS YOU
HAVE A UNIQUE STORY AND UNIQUE
VOICE.
THAT'S WHAT MAKES YOU SO
POWERFUL
YOU'RE DIFFERENT
YOU'RE SPECIAL
NO ONE SOUNDS LIKE YOU
YOU USE THAT TO THE FULLEST.
YOU MAKE EVERY SONG A MOMENT, AN
EXPRESSION OF WHO YOU ARE.
AMERICA, I HOPE YOU VOTE FOR
SAMUEL.
Carson: KELLY, WHAT WOULD YOU
LIKE TO SAY TO HAILEY?
I'M SO SHOCKED YOU'RE HERE.
I'M SO IMPRESSED BY YOU.
IT'S NOT JUST THE AGE THING.
IT'S ONE OF THE THINGS YOU POINT
OUT.
I REMEMBER BEING A 14-YEAR-OLD
SINGER
I DIDN'T SOUND LIKE YOU.
YOU'RE AN INCREDIBLE VOCALIST.
WHATEVER HAPPENS HERE TONIGHT,
YOU'RE 14 YEARS OLD.
THIS IS JUST THE BEGINNING
THIS IS THE FIRST STEP WHETHER
YOU MOVE FORWARD OR NOT TONIGHT.
Carson: THANK YOU, COACH.
WE'RE RUNNING OUT OF TIME.
ARI, SAY ONE THING TO VAUGHAN.
FIVE SECONDS.
WE LOVE YOU
YOU MADE ALL OF US FALL IN LOVE
WITH YOU
YOU'RE SO GIFTED
YOU'RE SUCH A LIGHT.
Carson: IT IS GREAT TO HAVE
THE COMEBACK ARTIST.
LET'S GET TO IT.
THE VOTING WINDOW IS CLOSED, AND
THE TIME HAS COME.
ONE OF YOU WAS PICKED BY AMERICA
AS THE WILDCARD ARTIST AND WILL
COMPLETE THE TOP 13.
THE OTHERS LEAVE US TONIGHT.
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, HERE WE
GO
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
TO COMPLETE THE TOP 13, THE
WILDCARD ARTIST IS -
HAILEY MIA
CONGRATULATIONS TEAM KELLY
THE YOUNGEST IN THE COMPETITION
MOVES ON
PUT YOUR HANDS TOGETHER FOR
THESE TALENTED ARTISTS LEAVING
US TONIGHT
JOIN US NEXT MONDAY AT 8:00,
7:00 CENTRAL FOR TOP 13 LIVE
SHOW
IT'S GOING TO BE SPECIAL
WHAT A NIGHT
THANK YOU, COACHES
THANK YOU FOR WATCHING